Now, the Vidya Lakshmi is the one, as I told
you, gives you knowledge,
knowledge how to handle the Divine Power graciously.
I’ll give you an example.
I’ve seen many people when they give bandhan,
it’s such a crude way, that..
No!
It is not to be done!
It’s a Lakshmi’s blessing.
So how you do it, very carefully.
You see Me, how I give always.
I never do that way!
I cannot!
With respect, with grace.
She represents the respect part of it.
And that you get, that knowledge, how to do
it gracefully.
Everything to be done gracefully, in a manner
that looks gracious.
See, some people who talk have no grace,
some people who give knowledge of Sahaja Yoga
also have no grace
and they talk in a disgraceful manner.
So all the grace, how to use the knowledge
of the Divine,
is given by Vidya Lakshmi.